1. Create a Python Flask application:
   Create a new Python file, app.py.
   Installed the required dependencies using pip install flask.
   Implement a basic Flask application that returns some data for HTTP requests

2. Containerize the application:
   Create a Dockerfile in the same directory as app.py with the following content:
   Create a requirements.txt file containing the Flask dependency (flask).

3. Build and push the Docker image:
   Build the Docker image by running docker build -t simplepythonapp . in the same directory as the Dockerfile.
   docker tag simplepythonapp:latest username/simplepythonapp:latest
   docker login
   docker push username/simplepythonapp:latest

4.  Prepare Kubernetes manifests:
    Create a directory to hold the Kubernetes manifests, e.g., kubernetes.
    Create a file named deployment.yaml inside the kubernetes directory and define a Deployment manifest:
    Create a file named service.yaml inside the kubernetes directory to define a Service manifest:

5.  Organize manifests using Kustomize:
    Create a file named kustomization.yaml in the kubernetes directory:

6. Deploy the application using kubectl:
   Apply the manifests to the Kubernetes cluster:
   This will create the Deployment and Service for the application.

7. Add persistence to your application:
   Depending on our requirements, we can choose a persistence mechanism, such as a database or a distributed file system.
   Update your application code to connect to the persistence layer as needed.
 

8. Add SSL certificate for secure HTTPS access:
   Create a dummy SSL certificate file, e.g., dummy_certificate.pem.
   Update your application code to use the certificate for HTTPS access.
   
9.Ensure availability and automatic restarts:
  Kubernetes provides built-in features for availability and automatic restarts.
  Set appropriate readiness and liveness probes in the Deployment manifest to define how Kubernetes checks the health of the application.
  For example, we can add the following to the spec section of the Deployment manifest:

...
spec:
  ...
  template:
    ...
    spec:
      ...
      containers:
        - ...
          readinessProbe:
            httpGet:
              path: /
              port: 5000
            initialDelaySeconds: 5
            periodSeconds: 10
          livenessProbe:
            httpGet:
              path: /
              port: 5000
            initialDelaySeconds: 15
            periodSeconds: 20

10. Deploy the application into a service mesh:
    To deploy the application into a service mesh, such as Istio or Linkerd, we need to install and configure the service mesh on your Kubernetes cluster.
    Follow the documentation of our chosen service mesh for instructions on how to deploy applications into it.
    Once the service mesh is installed and configured, we can apply the existing Kubernetes manifests, and the service mesh will handle the traffic routing and observability for our
    application.